[MUSIC]
Within Python, you can actually do an if
statement in one line, which makes it much
more readable, and it's also obviously
considerably easier to write as well.
And so when we would've usually had
something like this, and if a is equal to,
you see a is equal to b, then we'll print
true.
Else print false.
Now, when we usually had something like
this, and it works perfectly fine.
You can't do that on one line, where you
can do print, and we're going to do true.
If a is equal to b, else false.
And that is exactly the same as the line
beforehand.
And so, hey you can see we get the same
output.
It's both of them are false.
Now, this can have a string where these
true and falses are if you want.
However can put whatever you want
basically.
[SOUND] but if you look at these you can
see that they
have the exact same code, just rewritten
in a slightly different way.
And it's actually more readable because
this is you can have,
this is equal to true if a is equal to b,
else this is not true.
And that is what you'll get output.
So it's more readable in this format than
in this
format I, I well, at least I think it is
anyway.
So it's down to you, whether or not you
want this to be written that way.
And you can use whichever one you prefer.
But just remember that this way it can
actually be stored as a variable, and this
variable is now considered to be equal to
this string rather than
rather than a statement.
So the actual statement doesn't get saved.
The value of the statement at the end gets
saved.
Which is identical to doing, having this
as equal to that,
and var instead of having to equal and
print something out.
For example.
So that is how you can do an enlight if
statement with python and use it
if you find it more useful for certain
applications and for certain uses.
It's more useful and makes it easier to
write.
But obviously you're not always going to
want to do this.
For example, let's only supports out ports
or short answers.
You can't actually embed over, or nest
over if statements within it, for example.
So you have to sort of balance whether or
not is useful, and
whether or not it'll work, for what you
actually want to use it for.
If you do want to use it, and, and it
doesn't work, then all you'll have to
do is change your code around slightly, so
it
uses the longhand method rather than the
inline method.
So I'm Mark Lassoff from LearnToProgram.tv
and I'll see you soon.
[MUSIC]